hello fevers it's time to sing our ABC
song and is for Apple but is for bugs
come is for cat duck is for dog with
love n is for egg is for fish gah is for
gate is for House it is for igloo pooja
is for jam cut is for God's love is for
Lion mmm is for mushroom is for nurse ah
is for octopus is for panda qua is for
Queen her is for rabbit is for son is
for tree is for umbrella is for violin y
is for windmill o is for x-ray y is for
yo-yo is for zebra now we know are a
okay now it's your turn kids all by
yourself
no I
that was great kids I'm so proud of you
you're fantastic now remember keep
practicing and go home and practice with
your mom and dad also and remember
always have fun